Verify equidistance of spatial coordinates (#236)
dcs4cop/xcube: CHANGES.md

  hidden `xcube apply` command. (#167) 
* Added new function `xcube.core.geom.rasterize_features()` 
  to rasterize vector-data features into a dataset. (#222)

> * Extended verify to check whether spatial coordinates and their bounds are equidistant. (#231)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Extended CLI command `xcube verify` and API function `xcube.core.verify.verify_cube` to check whether spatial coordinate variables and their associated bounds variables are equidistant. (#231)
```

* Reorganisation of the Documentation and Examples Section (partly addressing #106)
* Loosened python conda environment to satisfy conda-forge requirements

> * xcube is now deployed on conda-forge

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xcube is now available as a conda package on the conda-forge channel. To install latest xcube package, you can now type: `conda install -c conda-forge xcube`
```

> * Changed the unittesting code to minimize 3rd party warning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed the unittesting code to minimize warnings reported by 3rd-party packages
```
